bottle bottle bottle bottle
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba Jimmy Kimmel Live
hello again everybody I'm Wolf Blitzer
reporting from Baghdad it is Wednesday
March 25th I'm still in my house hope
you are in yours this is day 13 this has
to be the most time I've spent indoors
since one very wonderful week in junior
high school when they unscrambled the
spice channel by mistake in our house
right now my five-year-old is taking
online yoga and ballet classes my wife
is watching baking videos on Instagram
my two-year-old son is screaming
diarrhea and spider-man has a penis
every two or three minutes and I'm out
here yelling into my iPad everyone's
doing the best they can under the
circumstances this is a great video this
is from a mom and dad in New Jersey who
wanted to do something special for their
son's 21st birthday which obviously
couldn't have come at a worse time so
they decided to turn their house in well
you'll see
[Music]
it's our policy that we give you a free
free tee shot that is both the coolest
and saddest thing I've ever seen in my
life I hope he didn't get lucky with the
bartender
president Trump is hard at work tweeting
like his little thumbs are on fire this
morning he either tweeted or retweeted
about Kirstie Alley store McDaniels
former lawyer Michael avenatti Robert
Muller
Adam Schiff his approval ratings he
tweeted a video montage of Joe Biden
coughing his approval ratings again and
this Jif of human tortoise Mitch
McConnell with glowing eyes this was all
before lunch by the way he also weighed
in with on the news about his all-time
favorite senator from Utah Mitt Romney
testing negative for the coronavirus at
7:36 a.m. this morning Trump wrote this
is really great news I am so happy I can
barely speak yeah well we're happy about
that too he may have been a terrible
presidential candidate and even a worse
US senator but he is a rhino
Rin oh and I like him a lot well you
know what I'm not one for conspiracy
theories but I think I may have detected
a note of sarcasm in there RINO by the
way Rin o is not his usual misspelling
it stands for a Republican in name only
which is very rich coming from our p ino
the president was almost an hour late
for the press briefing today and he was
in a very good mood I think it's very
clear that there are people in your
profession that write fake news you do
she does there are people in your
profession that write fake news they
would love to see me for whatever reason
because we've done one hell of a job
nobody's done the job that we've done
and it's lucky that you have this group
here right
for this problem or you wouldn't even
have a country left okay without him we
wouldn't have a country level we'd be
floating in the ocean like jellyfish I
guess the president again said he hopes
to get everyone back to work by Easter
even though a lot of people including
our governor here in California Gavin
Newsom says the president's timeline is
sooner than any of his experts believe
is possible Gavin Newsom by the way if
you haven't seen him looks exactly like
Donald Trump imagines he looks Trump
desperately wants to protect his
beautiful stock market he keeps calling
himself a wartime president which I
don't know okay maybe if we call the
coronavirus Vietnam Trump would be okay
with people staying home for it late
last night the Senate finally agreed on
a two trillion dollar stimulus package
millions of Americans will get checks
for between twelve and twenty four
hundred dollars
Wow just think of all the toilet paper
you won't be able to buy with that one
interesting facet of this deal is that
the Democrats insisted on including a
clause that prevents businesses owned by
the President and his family from
tapping into the aid money which it
really is amazing that anyone even had
to think to include that this is like
having to tell the pizza delivery guy
he's not allowed to eat your pepperoni
in the car on the ever-growing list of
notables who have the coronaviruses
Prince Charles who tested positive
so I guess Harry and Megan got out just
in time the queen who is 93 years old is
said to be fine the Queen will never get
coronavirus she's always wearing gloves
and waving from far away she's been
preparing for this literally her whole
life about a third of the world is on
some kind of coronavirus lockdown right
now Italy was hit the hardest but they
also managed to come out number one in
the sense of humor Department there have
been many Fantastico videos coming out
of Italy showing how the quarantine
locals are on their balconies talking
and singing and playing music and
fighting
I believe the charge would be assault
with a deadly recorder in Italy and I
think they call that flirting though in
other international news as was expected
the Summer Olympics in Tokyo been
postponed until next year which is a
shame for the athletes but the truth is
NBC could probably just show the last
Olympics that nobody would notice the
difference do you remember who won the
modern pentathlon I think well I think I
might have a better idea actually
instead of rerun the old Olympics they
could use video chat to hold the Olympic
competitions the same way everyone else
is working right now the Olympics from
home I'm especially looking forward to
the shotput
so the Olympics are on hold the NBA
seasons been postponed there's no March
Madness there almost no sports going on
at all but that did not stop a very
clever hockey announcer who lives in
upstate New York his name is Evan pig
Nick you can follow him on Instagram and
we honor his colorful commentary with
the award for the quarren time killer of
the night take it away Evan we are live
here at the Geller wedding during the
quarantine we are watching the show
friends Ross gazing into the eyes of his
fiance Emily as we take it live to the
altar did he just say Rachel oh my
goodness the crowd in shock Emily can't
believe it Ross what have you just done
looks like old Ross is gonna be in the
penalty box for a while many of you like
Evan are at home watching friends
because you can't see your real ones and
with that said what better time could
there possibly be than to check in with
everyone's
and beaming in live via the miracle of
the worldwide web from the Cox family
compound here in Southern California
none other than Courtney Cox hello
Courtney hi how are you okay how are you
I'm okay - are you quarantined are you
locked in
I'm quarantined I'm blocked in have been
blocked in for for quite a while now if
I think about almost two weeks do you
know what day it is today let's see I
had to look it up just a few minutes ago
it's the weekends aren't so bad because
I love to stay home yeah during the week
I just I get so angry and anxious and
it's so slow I did leave this I want to
be truthful I did leave twice I went
into town to workout but not in a gym
just in my wake this place I've got
apartment in town okay
I've been homebound and I haven't done
that in a week now I'm zooming my
workouts how about food you have food
and toilet paper and all that report
stuff I do have thank God I have toilet
paper because I know that's really you
know obviously the most important but um
I'll show you my fridge it's it's about
a I've got a lot of junk food who's gone
through it so now we have like we have
empty jars not what you see you see how
organized I am wow I am impressed by the
organization even though there's so
proud of it and here's my fridge real
it'll get a little low here oh yeah I'm
doing that right but um yeah we need to
go we need to go to the grocery store
which is the scariest part store
Courtney I saw your Instagram video
you're accompanying KOCO on piano yes
sir she has a beautiful voice your
daughter doesn't she sing well she's
really knowing Coco I have no content
can you sing for me again correct me if
I'm wrong but I think you were supposed
to shoot the friends reunion special
yesterday right we were supposed to do
it Monday and Tuesday of this week oh
wow and
and you all did you get together as a
group for the first time in a while to
discuss what you were going to do we did
speak with the producer one time and we
had a meeting except for David Schwimmer
was in New York so we were all in the
same room which is really fun except for
summer and yeah I started I keep getting
asked all these questions about friends
like you know people ask me to do trivia
things I did a thing with Charlie puth I
did something with Celeste barber and I
don't remember even being on the show
I'm such a bad memory so you don't
remember any French trivia I think I
remember obviously loving everybody
there and having fun and I remember
certain times in my life that I was
there remember episodes okay I would
never pass I fail every test
so I decided do you remember your
character's name on the show yes it's
Monica do you know that right that would
be something that would be a newsmaker
if you couldn't remember that bad but I
decided during this time you know people
love the show so much I decided to binge
watch friends are you doing it I just
started season 1 it's really good
how are you binge watching it because
it's not on Netflix now right no I tried
to say the word binge I'm not sure I
bought it on Amazon Prime
oh all right you know what I knew this
about you I knew that you didn't that
you didn't remember a lot of the details
from the show and I have my cousin's son
like my cousin Anthony is crazy for the
show and now he doesn't know I I called
him last night I said do you want to
play a game of friends trivia and he
said yeah of course now he doesn't know
that that you're a part of this and I
thought it might be fun too if you were
to go head-to-head with Anthony in a
game of friends trivia all Monica based
ok that doesn't help but yes ok all
right let's get Anthony up on the line
it's so embarrassing
ok that's that's why I wanted to do this
yeah so let's get Anthony up Anthony
Anthony say hello say hello to Courtney
Cox
[Music]
you're in Staten Island right now no I'm
yep well I thought it well I'm fun to
play some friends trivia with Courtney
Cox oh you're ready to do it never been
more run in my life
40 are you ready this kid watches
nothing but friends all the time by the
end of this quarantine I'm gonna know so
much more but go ahead I'm gonna these
armonica only related questions okay
raise your hands raise put two thumbs up
if you know the answer and then I will
call on you okay here we go yeah
what are the first names of Ross and
Monica's parents yes Anthony Jack and
Judy who was Monica's first kiss
Oh Anthony Ross is correct yes it was
Ross Ross is my first kiss season 10
episode 11 the one were the stripper
cries all right according to Ross Monica
couldn't tell time until she was what
age oh good
see well you get two guests to party yes
okay what is it when I learn to tell
time for the first time yeah according
prestigio
yeah I'm it's got to be older like I'm
saying together not 22 no Anthony you
want to guess was it like 11 close 13
I'm gonna give that who pees on Monica's
leg when she gets done
by a jellyfish oh yes
Chandler's correct you knew that me and
said Matt well I may have said Joey okay
and I realize who eats Monica and
Chandler's wedding yeah that's right I
don't right I think it was late and he
ran in a fair thing to do we just pick
some item out of your house and send it
to Anthony okay I absolutely will you do
me a favor would you turn your head all
the way to the left and then Anthony you
turn all the way the right and maybe you
could give Anthony a virtual kiss around
on okay yeah there you go yeah yeah
exactly like you're Anthony do it there
you go
okay and oh that's beautiful go back to
whatever it was you were doing all right
that was fun
Courtney yeah you got to do some
submitting to catch up so yeah every
night I'm making a donation to charity
and I am and you've got to pick the
charity tonight so which charity did you
pick I picked meals-on-wheels a classic
right yeah you know what their meals on
wheels they're always there delivering
meals to people who need meals and now
people really need meals because he
can't leave the house so go to meals on
wheels america.org meals on wheels
america.org
to make a donation I will make a
donation as well Thank You Courtney Cox
please stay faith don't go to that gym
wipe it down if you must and Amenti all
right Thank You Courtney coughs and they
stopped you for watching I'll see you
here tomorrow and remember we're all in
this not to
okay